[nfc] update CONTRIBUTING.md to add basic LLM policy (#22591)
root-project/root: CONTRIBUTING.md

ROOT community, it may be beneficial to add a suggested reviewer to the PR in order to get quicker attention.
Please ping people :wave: should you not get timely feedback, for instance with `@root-project/core ping!`

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > For compatibility with our CI, your should create your PR with a **branch name different from `master`**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> For compatibility with our CI, you should create your PR with a **branch name different from `master`**.
```

we might come back to you with additional reports after your contribution was merged.

Thank you for reading this; and even more: thank you :bouquet: for considering to contribute!

> ## LLM Disclosure

Reviewer: I don't know if this is a term already being used elsewhere,  but to be more general we could think about calling it "AI-assisted coding disclosure".

Contributors are required to disclose whether the proposed changes (code or otherwise) were, in part or completely, automatically generated
by an LLM / "AI agent".

The changes must in all cases have been *thoroughly reviewed and understood* by the contributor, who has full responsibility over them.

Please avoid proposing LLM-generated changes as-is without a full review and understanding, as this disrespects
the reviewers' time and may cause your future contributions to be automatically rejected if reiterated.

> Likewise, PR comments and any sort of engagement with other contributors must not be parroting LLMs or chatbots.

Reviewer 2: Is "parroting" a universally understood term?
```suggestion
Likewise, PR comments and any sort of engagement with other contributors must not be a simple copy of an LLM's or chatbot's output.
```

Author: I believe so? Imho it conveys better the kind of act we want to discourage (i.e. [this](https://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/parrot_2?q=parroting))
